# CS305-Software-Security- Vulnerability Assessment

Dalton Johnson Project 1 Final Report:

The client, Artemis Financial, is a financial institution that assists many customers worldwide in their financial management.  The company was wanting to create new software that would make the management of their clients' finances easier, more streamlined, and more secure.  I believe that I did well in analysing the vulnerabilities in the code, particularly with the help of the MAVEN Report, and was able to give good recommendations based on the information provided.  It is important to code securely because there is important data being transferred that could cause damage not only for the client, but their customers as well.  Additionally, there are government regulations that require a certain level of security for the client to operate, further emphasizing the need for proper security measures to be taken.  Software security brings the benefit of a good reputation to a company's well being.  Having the reputation of having secure software will reassure customers and future customers that the business will manage their data right, and securely, which will result in customer loyalty.  To increase security, I used SHA-256 to encrypt data, which will make it difficult for intruders to decypher any information they may acquire.  Additionally, I used certificate keys to utilize HTPS to further ensure the security of transferred data.  In the future, I would like to use additional methods to encrypt data to add layers where relevant.  While RSA is not a fast enough algorythm to use for everyday use, I believe that it could be utilized when establishing new connections to customers, which would be a more secure way to do so.  To make sure the code was funtctional and secure, I used the debugger in Eclipse to first remove any errors in the program, then used the MAVEN Dependancy Report to look for any new vulnerabilities that I may have introduced to the program.  I also glanced over the program to see if there were any possible vulnerabilities I could notice, just to add another method of checking the security.  I will plan to use the MAVEN Dependency Report for future projects, the ease of use and resources that it provides to mitigate found vulnerabilities is too valuable to not use for future projects.  I would show futrue employers my report from this assignment.  I believe it to be well structured and articulate in its delivery of relevant information to the project, and I believe that these skills are important to have when working in a team that needs to explain their work and thinking to share holders, customers, other developers, etc.
